#MBot
##Video Demo: https://youtu.be/-kYkZGHXDOE

##Description:
Hello!
This is a bot I made for work, submitted for permission from the company I work for. I made it to help alleviate tech support load from myself so development could be a bigger part of my workday.
The bot.py file handles messages received through Slack's Bolt API (an abstraction of the web socket version). For every message event it checks on the file containing the conditions (conditions.json in this case, hosted dynamically for work!) for some keywords that are indicative of a certain issue (called required), if  all of those are found in the text payload, some additional keywords (called includes) are checked for more granular control of which messages get which responses, if any is found, then it adds i t to a counter, if the ratio of found keywords to the amount of keywords in the issue's includes field is greater to or equal to the threshold field of the same, it then sends the response set in the solution field. It repeats the process until the Issues object is already iterated over or a message is sent.
It also contains implementations for checkng information from a database via keyword, the url for a user's portal page, and the urls called by another url.
It also contains logic that logs messages responded to with the bot for debugging misbehaving Issues, testing new Issues asnd thresholds and archiving purposes. This is done via the slack API pagination method, where it iterates over pages of a channel's history and logs every message with the response the bot would have for it, formatted in a way to delineate messages, and every message in a thread would also get checked and logged, in general I would say this is an O(n2) time algorithm.
I used the BeutifulSoup packege and the random package to make the URL dependency checker so that it does not get stopped by anti scraping  mechanics, and to parse the data in a way that is human readable.
The JSON file is formatted in a way that makes it possible to have multiple sets of keywords, thresholds, etc... for each issue solution present, this is to avoid having the bot be confused if a user sends in a message that has different terms for the same idea such as "customer" and "user", "reach out" and "contact", "refund" and "reimburse", among others, this is why I added an ID field to the JSON object. It also helped when I added the excluded field to exclude the word if a substring of it is in the includes or required fields but is not the idea we mean to capture.
I debated posting anwsers to the main channel or as a reply and made the decision to do the latter to save on visual clutter.